here we go I just got word of the first
indication of the next round of
quantitative easing money printing
devaluing your currency and I'll break
it down for you today you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in today's video we are going to look at
what's going on with the next round of
QE money printing haven't we just
finished this whole round from 20120 and
we're trying to slow down on that that
Avalanche that was pouring down and we
were saying okay let's give it a break
now oh no no no we are already talking
about the next round can you believe it
I'm about to shock you right now I've
been following each and every bit of
detail from the Federal Reserve all
along okay I've been breaking down these
videos for many many years I'm going to
show you some crazy stuff today at least
crazy to me last week Federal Reserve
Governor Christopher Waller one of the
central bank's most influential voices
dropped a bombshell on the markets by
suggesting that he would like to see two
key developments in the fed's portfolio
so right now at this time we are seeing
from the Federal Reserve quantitative
tightening as well as you know
increasing interest rates and we've
already seen from many members of the
Federal Reserve that they would like to
see rates stop where they are not go any
higher unless something major changes
and many of them have hinted at rate cut
to come in 2024 those are actual voting
members of the fomc not some random guy
not some YouTuber I'm talking about
voting members of the
fomc so what we have now is this the
fed's agency mortgage back Securities
Holdings going to zero that's what he
said and I will give you the actual
speech so you can read it in his own
words this is an article that just
breaks it down real simple secondly a
shift in treasury Holdings towards a
larger share of shorter dated treasury
Securities so get rid of the mortgage
back Securities off the portfolio
imagine they once at one point had
trillions and trillions of this garbage
and now he's saying let's just get rid
of that there was no need by the way for
them to buy that all up in 2020 really
no need and if you remember back during
the housing crisis when they were buying
these mortgage back Securities they were
known as toxic assets today we don't
call them that it's just yeah it's just
mortgage back Securities but they were
literally called toxic assets back then
in other words fed Governor want hinted
that he would like to see the Central
Bank re revive operation twist in order
to reassert Stronger control over the
interest rates at both ends of the yield
curve essentially that's the FED
extending quantitative easing without
actually calling it quantitative
easing this is big that I mean I can't
believe this that they would actually
just go out and say it so I have talked
about this
before in the Federal Reserve doesn't
need to come out and actually do a QE
like qe1 2 and 3 they don't need to do
that they can do a backdoor method
whether it's something like this
operation twist
or it could be something to the effect
of what we saw in you know 2019 time
frame where they were doing not QE so
the balance sheet is expanding expanding
expanding but at the same time they're
saying we are not doing quantitative
easing the balance sheet was expanding
the federal Reser balance sheet was
expanding faster than qe1 2 and 3 and so
they could do something like this back
door maybe they do keep interest rates
like relatively high but they start to
do this quantitative tightening at the
slowest Pace possible but
simultaneously playing with this in
effect a next QE beginning and that
doesn't mean they can't do multiple
programs at the same time so if we enter
a crisis while they're doing that they
could hit the next level to and say hey
okay and we're also going to do this and
we're also going to do that oh and the
government's going to do stimulus checks
and the you know there's no no reason
they can't do more and more and more as
long as they can convince everybody that
they're not doing QE we're not creating
inflation none of that's happening poof
it's gone and this is the actual uh
Speech itself so links are in the
description as always uh you can get
them there I would like to see a shift
in treasury Holdings towards a larger
share of shorter data treasury
Securities uh and then you basically
talks about the prior crisis and
everything else okay so I just wanted to
show you exactly from the horse's mouth
you could see it here for yourself and
they make the argument he made the
argument basically that uh doing this
the way that they do want to do it this
operation twist has no effect on
inflation it's not quantitative easing
and therefore there is no reason to be
concerned sure okay if that's what they
believe
well you
decide in the case of Europe ecb's
balance sheet QT down2 trillion EUR from
its peak to $ 6.83 trillion they've
already got rid of approximately half of
the assets they purchased during the
2020 time frame all right so there's
quite a bit there uh but they are
encountering an issue and that is Europe
is they have zero plans for growth there
is just no growth happening in Europe
Europe and
even the you know all favored Germany
the strength of Germany not showing up
at all so they've got an issue and I
believe at some point they're going to
need to revive their quantitative
easing feds Williams reiterates rate cut
likely later this year like I said
people at the FED are talking about this
they are saying it themselves Loretta
Meer all right Cleveland fed President
we are looking for three Cuts this
year that's what she had said there's
actually a video of her saying this and
so you got to understand that all of
these things are happening right now
Cuts rate Cuts where are we with the
Federal Reserve right now being between
5.25 and 5.5 on the FED funds rate they
can you know get a few cuts and bring
that down but think about it they're
still even if they cut several times
they're still at let's say around that
4.5% that's still pretty tight in
comparison to what you know investors
and and businesses and everybody have
been used to at
0% so this is still something that
requires a lot of maneuvering and some
businesses that are reliant on those
super ultra low interest rates may not
be getting them until there's a major
crisis but can they be eased
yes absolutely and that's what they
intend on doing even those at the FED
are talking about it right now today I
just want to give you a look at what's
happening with the assets overall uh
I've shown you this before I have a
video about how to get all of the assets
uh you can look at that for yourself in
the playlists on my YouTube channel
major central banks total assets fed ECB
Japan China um there's a mixed bag
there's no no question about it but you
can see overall um you know there's been
um a decline since the peak where are
they going to stop though if the history
has been any guide overwhelmingly we
just get more and more and more and more
and that more doesn't equate to more for
you and I it actually equates to less
because as they print money they devalue
the currency and that is exactly what
they intend on doing again and again and
again and they do so without the
Public's consent I didn't tell them to
print but in a sense the investor
whether it's a retail investor whether
it's like the hedge funds um looking at
the government top to bottom they're all
rooting for low low low interest rates
and lots of money printing because we
want that easiness it's just like
somebody saying oh my head hurts I'm
going to take a painkiller I'm going to
take a painkiller I'm going to take take
a painkiller and slowly but surely they
are desensitized to that so now they got
to take two now they got to take extra
strength now they got to take more and
more and more and it doesn't resolve the
initial issue in the first place that's
the problem we have today be very
careful where your money is you need to
invest appropriately and that means
hedging your bets that means you have to
have this understanding that they want
to whether it's now whether it's later
they want to inflate your dollars even
more so pay attention closely do what
you have to do and know where to put
your money I've got videos on my YouTube
channel I got the 2hour every single
Friday Finance Friday live where I tell
people straight up what they better be
doing right now because things are
looking ugly if you appreciate this
video hit that Thumbs Up Button check
out the link in the description at the
top as I mention every single video and
don't forget don't forget to come back
tomorrow I'll be here I'll see you then
take care